Explain usable addresses (#51)
ietf-wg-masque/draft-ietf-masque-connect-ip: draft-ietf-masque-connect-ip.md

specified, the client is requesting to communicate with any allowable host. If
the target is an IP address, the request will only support a single IP version.
If the target is a hostname, the server is expected to perform DNS resolution
to determine which route(s) to advertise to the client. The server SHOULD send
a ROUTE_ADVERTISEMENT capsule that includes routes for all addresses that were
resolved for the requested hostname, that are accessible to the server, and

> belong to an address family for which the server also sent an ADDRESS_ASSIGN

Reviewer: Using past tense here seems to imply an ordering requirement that isn't needed; this tweak clarifies that the order of such capsules is not mandatory

```suggestion
belong to an address family for which the server is also sending an ADDRESS_ASSIGN
```

Author: How about:

```suggestion
belong to an address family for which the server also sends an ADDRESS_ASSIGN
```

Reviewer: "sends" sounds good to me
